Clarify Martin Duke's comments (#229)
quicwg/wg-materials: ietf114/minutes.md

HTTP/3 is an RFC, yay! **applause**

> **Martin Duke (MD)**: Agenda bash. Lucas and MD have draft about putting QUIC in alt-svc records. Will be discussed in HTTPBIS today (strip down alt-svc to not have parameters). Upshot for this WG: probably strip down to just service B and the place where service B stuff lives will be in the QUIC wg. So look for that and call for adoption relatively early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Martin Duke (MD)**: Agenda bash. Lucas and MD have draft about putting QUIC in alt-svc records. Will be discussed in HTTPBIS today (strip down alt-svc to not have parameters). Upshot for this WG: probably strip down to just SVCB and the place where SVCB stuff lives will be in the QUIC wg. So look for that and call for adoption relatively early.
```
